4 Factions
Ruserica - Relies on using direct, elite, battle-advantaged strategies (AP, Stopping Power, Blitz) (Weak to Jesud as elite units get overwhelmed)
Doman - Relies on using indirect, ranged, synergystic strategies (Ranged, Morale, Blitz) (Weak to Ruserica as they can punch through defenses)
Jesud - Relies on using cheap, massed, battle-advantaged strategies (AP, Stopping Power, Infiltrate) (Weak to Polsis as they can stop the horde)
Polsis - Relies on using defensive, reactionary, and attrition-based strategies (Repair, Ranged, Morale) (Weak to Doman as they can outshoot with ranged)

More realisitic take...
Asian-Pacific Trade Association - APTA
Eurasian Federated States - EFS
United Resistance of Africa - URA
Continental Republic of the Americas

Compromised Names:
Trade Association (Aggro)
Continental Republic (Control)
United Resistance (Combo)
Federated States (Midrange)

Key words - 
Ranged X: This unit can deal DMG equal to its STR to any unit within X tiles of it.  This unit deals no DMG when attacked unless otherwise specified.
Infilitrate X:  This unit can deploy an additional X spaces from the city it was produced in.
AP X: This unit adds X to its DMG during each battle it participates in.
Armored X: This units subtracts X from each source of DMG.
Mechanized X: This unit recieves X additional ACT
Camo: This unit comes into play face down.  It can't be attacked until its revealed.  A unit is revealed when it attacks another unit, uses an ability, or an opponent uses an activation to reveal it.
Fortify X: This unit can use its ACT to restore X STR, up to its STR.

All Vehicles have Mechanized 1 as default.

Ways to keep things from snowballing:
-Extra card draw for destroyed cities?
-Morale tokens for destroyed cities?
-Grant extra production to another city?

Starter Decks:
Blitzkrieg (Infantry and Tactics focused)
  Need to create cheap, fast infantry and tactics to exploit massed infantry
  Use as base for TA or UR decks
Air Superiority (Upgrade and Strategy focused)
  Need to create defensive units, expensive powerful units, and airfield upgrades
  Use as base for FS or CR decks
Combined Arms (Value and Vehicle focused)
  Need to create powerful, high-value units and ways to get them out faster than normal
  Use as base for all decks


Card Types:
Cities
-Normal
-Enhanced
Units
-Infantry
-Vehicle
-Structure
Strategies
-Local
-Global
Tactics
-Contigency
-Command

Global warming causes mass unrest.  China uses its economic power to quickly create solutions and leverage political power throughout Southeast Asia to form a new confederation.
They begin to capitalize on the investments they made in Africa and begin heavily colonizing and extracting resources
In response the European nations form a coalition and begin "stabilizing" the North African and Eurasian areas with the assistance of Turkey and Iran.
Meanwhile America, overcome by the climate disaster, withdrew its military to focus on relieving the nation and inventing advanced technology
Alongside the rest of North and South America, the Continental Congress aims to maintain an isolationist policy when it can
Saudi Arabia and its allies, now depleted of oil and barely inhabitable due to heat, have experienced mass emigration into the African continent, where experience in past conflicts helps African resistance fighters
4 Factions
United Resistance of Africa - URA - focus on asymmetric fighting
Hidden info, units that can destroy things worth more than themselves
"Blue/Black"
Asia-Pacific Trade Association - APTA - focus on production
High output of units, being able to build multiple big units, overwhelm opponents with might and numbers
"Green/Red"
Continental Republic of the Americas - CRA - Focus on defense and attacking safely
Destroying enemy means of production, creating synergistic play while waiting for super weapons
"White/Blue"
Eurasian Federated States - EFS - Focus on

Hearthstone - classes limit card choice with access to general pool
Magic - exchange card choice for playability (you can play in all 5 colors, but it gets harder to fix the mana to play everything)
Allow mixing city factions (coalition decks), generic card pools, and city upgrades or unit abilities to provide production of another city type

"Black mana" - for each destroyed city do X
URA card - for each friendly destroyed city do X
3 card types?  Infantry, Vehicle,  Installment
E.g. Spec Ops, Tank, Minefield


Trade Association - Able to make lots of small units or make big units quickly.  (Aggro/Midrange)
Continental Republic - Able to withstand an assault, dismantle enemy units from afar and build advanced weapons (Combo/Control)
United Resistance - Creates value from its units sacrifice and is able to undermine opponents' plans (Combo/Control)
Federated States - Creates units with good value for their cost (Midrange)
TA - Aggro, CR - Control, UR - Combo, FS - Midrange

You may store up to 2(1?) extra production per city.  You can pay 5 production once per turn to draw a card
Phases of play
Draw Phase
Production Phase
Activation Phase
Resolution Phase
Draw Phase:
Draw a Card
Production Phase:
Allocate PR
Buy Intelligence 
Produce eligible cards
Place next cards
Activation Phase:
Allocate ACT
Use ACT
Resolve DMG
Resolution Phase:
Discard Cards

